CPE 203  Project 5 Description    Hank Tsai


1. I worked alone on this project


2. You trigger the event by doing a mouse press on one of those grid,
and you can trigger it many times. Note though, to translate those tiles
correctly when pressing up/left/down/right arrows, you press one at a 
time, so the key pressed will get recorded properly and translate the 
point accordingly. If you hold onto one the arrows to quickly move 
around the virtural world, the mouse pressed point might be inaccurate. 

3. 
When the event is triggerd 

There will be a random number (between 4 to 7) of volcanos pop up, and 
volcanos will keep animating for a long time, and it will look like 
they are erupting. And the condition guarentted that the amount of 
volcanos will not exceeds half of the avilable spaces at the 
beginning of the program.

4. What affected entities should do? 

This new event will transform both Octofull and OctoNotFull to an 
animated Seahorse if they're close enough to the event (eg <= 2 in 
Euclidean distance). And the transfomed Seahorse will seek out those 
female seahorses that are already planted in the virtual world. And it 
will turn those female seahorses into purple crystals. 

5. What the new entity is and how it should behave? 

The new entity is Pirate. It will spawn periodically near the active 
volcanos. And the pirate will spawn on at a time for one collection of
volcanos because I don't like too many pirates jumping around the world.
Moreover, one collection of volcanos will produce at most three pirates
because of the same reason. The pirate will first seek out those golds 
that are also planted beforehand in the virtural world, their goal is to
collect two chests of gold, after that, they will randomly be categorized
as non-agreesive pirates and agreesive, non-agreesive pirates will find 
the closest obstacle and turn that specific obstacle into a golden 
shinny obstacle, and then the pirate will disappear. The agreesive kind 
of pirates will find the nearest crab to chase it down and attack, which
will leave a RIP tomb for the crab. After it slaughtered two crabs, it 
will eventually calm down and tramformed back to a non-agreesive pirate
and just do the same thing, find a obstacle and turn it into a golden one. 


6. Not applicable 

Thank you, professor and TA, it has been a great quarter. 